= migratification

http://github.com/midas/migratification


== DESCRIPTION

Generates a directory structure and assets to allow for using Active Record migrations within any project, Groovy, C\#, etc.


== FEATURES

* Creates a Rakefile
* Creates a rake directory to hold rake tasks
* Creates a db.rake file holding all of the database specific tasks
* Creates a grails.rake file holding all grails specific tasks (if specified with --grails option)
* Creates db/config and db/migrate directories to hold the migration specific scripts


== INSTALL

  gem sources -a http://gemcutter.org
  sudo gem install migratory


== USAGE

  migratify ~/project

  rake -T # to see all the tasks available


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


== LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2009 C. Jason Harrelson (midas)

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
